com/martianlab/recipes/presentation/views/base/IView.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.presentation.views.base.IView
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.DataBindingInfo
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeIngredientItemBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeIngredientItemBinding
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/martianlab/recipes/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.martianlab.recipes.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeStageItemBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeStageItemBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeIngredientItemBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeIngredientItemBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeCategoryItemBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeCategoryItemBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/BuildConfig.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.BuildConfig
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/FragmentRecipesBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.FragmentRecipesBinding
com/martianlab/recipes/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.martianlab.recipes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.martianlab.recipes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/FragmentSplashBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.FragmentSplashBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeStageItemBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeStageItemBinding
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/FragmentRecipeDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.FragmentRecipeDetailsBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeItemBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeItemBinding
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeItemBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeItemBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/FragmentRecipesBindingImpl.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.FragmentRecipesBindingImpl
com/martianlab/recipes/BR.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.BR
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/RecipeCategoryItemBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.RecipeCategoryItemBinding
com/martianlab/recipes/databinding/FragmentRecipeDetailsBinding.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.databinding.FragmentRecipeDetailsBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/martianlab/recipes/generated/callback/Function0.java
 com.martianlab.recipes.generated.callback.Function0
 com.martianlab.recipes.generated.callback.Function0$Listener
